Update the project (#1)
mythic/drupal-starter-project: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
  Thanks for opening a pull request. To help the reviewer of your pull request,

>   please include a link to the ticket you worked on, an overview of the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  please include a link to the story/issue you worked on, an overview of the changes
```
